Custom operators and builders (#33355)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/syntax/ProblemComposers/index.md

  _b->AddDomainIntegrator(new mfem::DomainLFIntegrator(_one));
  _b->Assemble();

  // Build the bilinear form
  _a = new mfem::ParBilinearForm(&(*fes));
  _a->AddDomainIntegrator(new mfem::DiffusionIntegrator);
  _a->Assemble();

  // Form the linear system
  _a->FormLinearSystem(_boundary_dofs, *grid_function, *_b, _problem_operator, _X, _B);
}
```

The solve method solves the linear/non-linear system that has been setup and passes the
data to the mfem `GridFunctions` so that the post-processors can view the results.
During construction as the `Moose::MFEM::ProblemOperator` class was constructed as well,
the class inherits a reference to the `MFEMProblem` namely `_problem_data` it can be used
to access `MFEMProblem` members.

```cpp
void CustomDummyProblemOperator::Solve() override
{
  // Set the operator and solve the equation
  _problem_data.jacobian_solver->SetOperator(*_problem_operator);
  _problem_data.jacobian_solver->GetSolver().Mult(_B, _X);

  // Set the data in the grid function
  const std::string grid_function_name = "var0";
  auto grid_function = _problem_data.gridfunctions.GetShared(grid_function_name);
  grid_function->SetFromTrueDofs(_X);
};

```

> Once the `ProblemOperator` has been written the `ProblemComposer` class is needed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `ProblemOperator` has been written, an `MFEMProblemComposer` class is needed,
```

Author: Applied pre-squash

this class is constructed by `MFEMProblem` and called by the executioner. The composer class
must inherit from `MFEMProblemComposer` making it an `MFEMObject` and by proxy a 
`MooseObject` thus it has a fixed signature constructor and destructor, it has one method
that has a fixed signature that is called by the executioner. All of the code must
be within the `Moose::MFEM` namespace for simplicity. An example minimal class looks like:

```cpp
namespace Moose::MFEM
{
class CustomDummyProblemComposer : public MFEMProblemComposer
{
private:
  type1 param1;
  .
  .
  .

public:
  static InputParameters validParams();

  CustomDummyProblemComposer(const InputParameters & parameters);

  ~CustomDummyProblemComposer() = default;

  /// Returns a pointer to the problem operator.
  std::shared_ptr<Moose::MFEM::ProblemOperatorBase>
  createProblemOperator(MFEMProblem & mfem_problem) override;
};
}
```

The `validParams()` method can be used to generate custom inputs for the problem operator,

> the inputs can be then put in the `ProblemComposer` block of the input files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the inputs can be then put in the `ProblemComposers` block of the input files.
```

Author: Done pre-squash
